UI Package | improve steps in docs (#1189)
threefoldtech/tfgrid-sdk-ts: packages/UI/docs/pdf_viewer.md

2. Navigate to the `repository/packages/UI` directory.

> 3. Chose wich provider you gonna use [see providers section](#using-providers-and-extensions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose which provider you gonna use [see providers section](#using-providers-and-extensions)
```
